Update Gradle Wrapper validation best practices (#37358)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/best-practices/best_practices_security.adoc

Reviewer: I really like your suggestions. Let's do that, lets remove the example.

==== Do this

> If you use the link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-with-gradle#the-setup-gradle-action[setup-gradle action] (version v4 or newer) for GitHub Actions, Wrapper validation will be performed automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-with-gradle#the-setup-gradle-action[`setup-gradle` action] (version v4 or newer) for [GitHub Actions](link:https://github.com/features/actions[GitHub Actions]), Wrapper validation will be performed automatically.
```

The action validates the checksum of every `gradle-wrapper.jar` in your repository and fails the build if it finds any unknown Wrapper JAR.

> If you cannot use the setup-gradle action, you can alternatively use the dedicated link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-with-gradle#the-wrapper-validation-action[Gradle Wrapper validation action]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a different GitHub Actions setup, you can use the dedicated link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-with-gradle#the-wrapper-validation-action[Gradle Wrapper validation action] instead.
```
